prettify math (#121)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/appendix/gibbs_sampling.tex

	\end{split}
\end{equation}
\begin{equation}\label{eq:category_gibbs_eq}
	\begin{split}
		P(z_i = k|w_i = m, \boldsymbol{z}_{-i}, \boldsymbol{w}_{-i}, c_d) \propto 
		\underbrace{\frac{C^{CT}_{ck} + \alpha}{\sum_{k'} C^{CT}_{ck'} + T\alpha}}_{Category-Topic}
		\underbrace{\frac{C^{WT}_{mk} + \eta}{\sum_{m'} C^{WT}_{m'k} + V\eta}}_{Topic-Word}
	\end{split}
\end{equation}
where $C^{DT}_{dk}$ is the number of times document $d$ uses topic $k$ and $C^{WT}_{mk}$ is the number of times topic $k$ uses word $m$.
$C^{AT}_{ak}$ and $C^{CT}_{ck}$ is the number of times author $a$ and category $c$ use topic $k$, respectively.
$\boldsymbol{z}_{-i}$ represents the topic assignments where the current instance is disregarded.
$\alpha$ and $\eta$ are the Dirichlet parameters for the document-topic and topic-word distribution, respectively.
The first fraction describes how likely topic $t$ appearing in document $d$ is, and the second fraction describes which words are most probable in topic $t$.
Following the code in \autoref{lst:randomInit}, as we initialize, the words get a higher probability of clustering together, since we increase the counts every time at line $16$.

> In the author-topic and category-topic models a metadata distribution is used where they follow the functions described in 

Reviewer: ?

Author: ```suggestion
In the author-topic and category-topic models, a metadata distribution is used instead of the document-topic distribution.
This can be seen in \autoref{eq:author_gibbs_eq} and \autoref{eq:category_gibbs_eq}
```
